---
layout: post
title: July 23, 2019
---

It's been a long time since I added to my blog. Lots has happened. I continued coding almost every day until around the 10th of June, when some medical issues prevented me from being able to code. Then I lost my job, and ended up being bed ridden. I was in so much pain, it was unreal. I ended up traveling 14 hours (very painfully) to see a specialist. He gave me a diagnosis and treatment plan. After dealing with pain for months and months, this was a huge relief. Turns out that I have Rheumatoid Arthritis, it's treatable, but will never completly go away. At least I will be able to function again. 


I have started to code again, just finding some simple tutorials and projects to refresh my memory. It's amazing how much you tend to forget when you don't use it everyday. 
I started by buying a new 2TB external hard drive, and backing up my computer. I then decided to completly reset my laptop back to factory and start from scratch. It was a long process, but I think it was worth it. Over the years I had accumulated a lot of programs and junk that I will never use again. Most of what was on my laptop was from a previous job that had nothing to do with web development.  Once I got the machine reset, it was time to start getting things set back up.  I installed VS Code (currently my favorite editor), installed git and made sure that it connected with github.  I also installed iTerm2 and Oh-My-Zsh terminal emulator (way better than the boring default terminal). 


The first bit of code I worked on was a [Tetris clone](https://github.com/javascriptteacher/Tetris), from Javascript Teacher.  I just copied the code by typing it out (no copy and paste) to work on my keyboard muscle memory along with refreshing my memory of what I know about javaScript. I got it working as it should with no bugs. Now I need to find some more things to work on to keep things going. 

Until next time, **Keep Coding!**

---

Here is a link to my portfolio page:
[My Portfolio Page](https://dragon8029.github.io/Portfolio/)




